Advanced Javascript optimization not working (#6958)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/performance-best-practices/advanced-js-bundling.md

Within this file, you will find multiple entries for each of the configuration nodes (`deps`, `shim`, `paths`, `map`). You need to aggregate these multiple node values into your build.js file's single configuration node. For example, if your store's `requirejs-config.js` instance has entries for 15 separate `map` nodes, you will need to merge the entries for all 15 nodes into the single `map` node in your `build.js` file. The same will be true for the `deps`, `shim`, and `paths` nodes. Without a script to automate this process, it may take time.

 {:.bs-callout-info}

> You will need to replace the path mapping "mage/requirejs/text" for **"text"** in `paths` configuration node with **"requirejs/text"**.

Reviewer: You will need to change **"text** to **"requirejs/text"** in the `mage/requirejs/text` path mapping in the `paths` configuration node.

Author: Are you sure?

Just for clarification! 

**Wrong**

```json
{
    "paths": {
        "text": "mage/requirejs/text"
    }
}
``` 
**Correct**

```json
{
    "paths": {
        "text": "requirejs/text"
    }
}
```

Author: @dobooth 
Maybe this way?
```suggestion
You will need to change the path **"mage/requirejs/text"** to **"requirejs/text"** for *"text"* mapping in `paths` configuration node.
```

Reviewer 2: Rather than trying to word it clearly, maybe we can just inline one of the examples from @bubasuma above? That way it's more of a copy/paste exercise for readers
